Add second example and documentation (#24)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.qm: examples/paper-invoice-to-inspectionlot/Extract data from paper invoice to create Inspection lot.md.md

> # Extract Paper Invoice Data and Create Inspection Lot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Extract paper Delivery Note and integrate with S/4HANA
```

This example illustrates leveraging the `sap.s4hana.api_inspectionlot_srv:Client` in Ballerina for S/4HANA
API interactions. It extracts data from a physical invoice using Optical character recognition (OCR) with [Eden AI](edenai.co) API. The data is then used to establish an inspection lot to initiate the inspection process in the S/4HANA QM module.

The example works as follows:
![example workflow](createInspectionLotExampleWorkflow.png)

## Prerequisites

### 1. Setup an Eden AI account

Create an Eden AI account. Generate an API token and save it for later use, as specified in the Configuration section.

### 2. Setup the S/4HANA API

Refer to the [Setup Guide](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/sap/latest#setup-guide) for necessary credentials (
hostname, username, password).

### 2. Configuration

In the example directory, create a Config.toml file and configure InspectionLot and S/4HANA API credentials as shown below:

```toml
[s4hanaClientConfig]
hostname = "<Hostname>"
username = "<Username>"
password = "<Password>"

> [<ORG_NAME>.create-inspectionlot-from-paper-invoice]

Reviewer: Is this necessary

Author: Updated this and it is necessary
